add logger and delete unused exceptions (#3)
vKutik/taxi: README.md

## Taxi service

This project implements a taxi service with login and registration.

> Using n-tier 3-layer architectur e, also using the design principle SOLID and OOP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using n-tier 3-layer architecture, also using the design principle SOLID and OOP.
```
